Data sources for EBS default encryption (#8884)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/d/ebs_default_kms_key.html.markdown

---
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ebs_default_kms_key"
sidebar_current: "docs-aws-ebs-default-kms-key"
description: |-
  Provides metadata about the KMS key set for EBS default encryption
---

# Data Source: aws_ebs_default_kms_key
Use this data source to get the default EBS encryption KMS key in the current region.

## Example Usage
```hcl
data "aws_ebs_default_kms_key" "current" { }

resource "aws_ebs_volume" "example" {
  availability_zone = "us-west-2a"
  
  encrypted         = true
  kms_key_id        = "${data.aws_ebs_default_kms_key.current.key_id}"

}
```

## Attributes Reference
The following attributes are exported:

> * `key_id` - The full ARN of the default KMS key that your account uses to encrypt an EBS volume when no key is specified in an API call that creates the volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key_arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the default KMS key uses to encrypt an EBS volume in this region when no key is specified in an API call that creates the volume and encryption by default is enabled.
```
